Update CsTeamsComplianceRecordingPolicy documentation due to rollback (#10932)
MicrosoftDocs/office-docs-powershell: skype/skype-ps/skype/New-CsTeamsComplianceRecordingPolicy.md

```

### -RecordReroutedCalls

> Setting this attribute to true enables compliance recording for calls that have been re-routed from a compliance recording-enabled user. Supported call scenarios include forward, transfer, delegation, call groups, and simultaneous ring. (Note: Only available in MicrosoftTeams PowerShell version 5.1.1-preview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this attribute to true enables compliance recording for calls that have been re-routed from a compliance recording-enabled user. Supported call scenarios include forward, transfer, delegation, call groups, and simultaneous ring. (Only available in Microsoft Teams PowerShell version 5.1.1-preview.)

```
